Being in the military can have a lot of advantages and disadvantages.
I really like supporting my country, I really like protecting the people
around me, I like knowing that the job I was doing had a really,
has a really big effect on the safety of America. However the job
is pretty hard, and it has a high rate of people doing their job and
then leaving after four years or six years or eight years. For me it
was eight years. Being in the military you're gonna work harder than
you've ever worked in your life. Your days are going to be in the
morning until night, there's gonna be lots of training, there's going
to be lots of cleaning, there's going to be lots of listening to
people. You're gonna be dealing with people that you don't like, that
you do like, there's going to be lots of studying that you're going
to be doing that's going to make you pull your hair out. There's really
great opportunities as well. You're gonna have some of the funnest
times in your life, some of the meet some of the coolest people,
and travel to some of the nicest places on earth. Taking all of it
into consideration, I realize that the military isn't quite the job
for me. There are many boring times, there many fun times, but I think
that the job that is best suited for me is one that's fun all the
time. So good on you if you wanted to join the military the whole
entire time, if you one experience that and have a great career, have
a good retirement plan, if you're satisfied with salary that you get
and you have a happy family life. But for me I just wanted to experience
something different and something maybe on a bigger scale.